[Music]
now we're off to Thailand to visit with
our good friend on achai he's the head
chef at the Royal Thai Air Force
officers club of man he's worked in
some of the finest restaurants in
Thailand Japan and Hong Kong so what do
we need to first get started today today
we're going to make a lot I'm not a
young cub first of all let me give you a
few of the ingredients I will M phone
the way we start with fresh or dry rice
noodles chicken eggs cool fresh shrimp
or you can use dried shrimp without
toasted peanuts that have been crushed
they preserve turnips chopped up legato
extra firm tofu have dice towel a cup
chopped garlic and chopped red onions
followed by bean sprout and garlic
chives or green onions
I got me peep on ground dried roasted
chili peppers I'm a doctor and one
important ingredient that you can't do
with that love styles and we're going to
make the sauce out of fish sauce coconut
palm sugar like innoncent and tamarind
sauce we're gonna make the sauce first
that's right
first we're gonna make the sauce I'm
going to show you what ingredients go
into the sauce and so let's begin
for the sauce you don't need too much
just kind of use medium heat
like month on you need a special pan for
this or is it just any any kind of pan
you can use any kind of pan for this up
in New Year's Aloha first we're going to
add the camera saw how much tamarind
sauce to you the tamarind sauce will
we'll be using about 1 cup after that
we're going to put in fish sauce about 1
cup of fish sauce and then we're going
to add the coconut palm sugar about 2
tablespoons of that oh this looks like
it's gonna make a nest food for 4 people
actually if you use the amounts I'm
using in this recipe you're going to be
able to make enough for 10 serving a guy
and that's big servings what we're going
to do is to make a lot more sauce in the
lead
today and then we're going to just keep
it but what we don't use in the
refrigerator we can use it again the
next time we make but top off for me
oh how long do you leave that boiling
for well okay I'm going to stir it until
the sugar starts to melt and then I'll
let it simmer baby I'm alive what about
five minutes or so
Aman Hana eat about and then we'll be
ready to use about two Alma pin it
should come out looking like this sauce
right here okay so now we're going to
move on to the frying stage find a pie
the first thing you want to do is set
your pan or your wok over the stove and
turn the fire up to kind of a
medium-high heat
I'd say once the pan is hot go ahead and
add some oil how much oil are you
putting in about three tablespoons of
oil trance the walnut hub for Munich up
a ladder for next we'll add some chopped
red onions and chopped garlic about one
tablespoon of each will do go home then
stop young Letran a cup a man 1/4 a cup
next we'll add the diced tofu let's put
it all in here we'll make about four
servings now how much of this tofu do
you you tofu
I'd say about one piece and is that
about yeah one piece about two cups now
is this the typical kind of tofu that
you find at the store is this a
different kind actually I can use any
kind of tofu just make sure it's the
extra firm tofu on next we're gonna have
the chopper turnips
how many spoonfuls of chopped turnips
are you gonna would say about four
teaspoon up then you want to start
stirring it to keep stirring just for a
little bit you know until it starts to
smell good before you have maybe bellow
30 seconds or so
couldn't let you die I'd say about how
now if you're in Thailand and you're
gonna add dried shrimp recipes so let's
go ahead and move on and some dried
shrimp gonna put about three tablespoons
of dried shrimp you don't see that shirt
too often at the store can you use some
other kind of sir oh sure if you don't
have dried shrimp you can always use
fresh shrimp or frozen shrimp from the
supermarket I can have I can give it's
frozen and make sure that thought at
first how many what about it I like to
use both if it's the fresh shrimp and
you need to take the head off you just
grab the shrimp like this and and just
separate the head from the body tight
like to cook shrimp with the head on up
that's right
ties really like to cook shrimp with the
head still on okay now we're going to
kind of stir it for a little bit just
left the shrimp I can get it go cook let
me turn the fire now a little here well
if you're going to make four servings
like I'm doing here you probably want to
have four big shrimp but if you're going
to use little v and maybe tender and on
we're using fresh water trim here but if
you don't want to have a freshwater
shrimp you can use any kind of shrimp
all the smallest size
that's right that's right any kind of
shrimp okay when this is done we're
going to add some of this over here
fresh noodles now the amount of noodles
fresh noodles that I'm adding for this
recipe is about a pound and the noodles
are wet because you've soaked them
before here in Thailand we use fresh
noodles and that's why they're soft if
you're using the dried packaged noodles
you're going to have to soak them in
water so that they get a little soft
before you before you stir-fry them okay
now I'm going to add a little bit of
water here to soften up the noodles even
little more okay now we're going to stir
this up a little bit until the noodles
get nice and soft you'll probably find
that the ingredients that we use here in
Thailand and the ones you'll find in the
West aren't exactly the same but that's
okay this is how we do it in Thailand
are you cooking this for two three
minutes about half a minute if you use
the fresh noodles now if you use the the
dry noodles you're going to have to cook
them longer maybe two or three minutes
just cook them until they're soft I'm
going to add a little more oil here if
you see the noodles not too dry
that's right and then I'm gonna add some
Amy
for this recipe I'm gonna add about
three eggs just like that yep add the
eggs right in there it's important that
you have a real hot wok when you stir
fry put tied to get the real flavor to
come out okay now after you've added the
eggs in you'll want to add the sauce
that we made earlier you know for this
recipe I'm going to use about 6
tablespoons of sauce and enough for fall
people attract four people now once
we've added the sauce we can add this
the beans
routes along it up it's all good and
then I'll add the chives so about a cup
of golly shy
that's right about a cup of way of
chives and a cup of bean sprouts ya know
if you want it spicy you're gonna want
to add some of this dry roasted ground
peppers in there I'm gonna make it not
too spicy so I'm just going to add a
little bit what about the people who
don't like spicy oh yeah we don't like
spicy you don't have to add it at all
it'll be fine so it depends on the
individual here right now if you're not
sure if your guests like it's spicy or
not spicy you can also put the ground
peppers on the side of the dish and they
can add it in themselves okay now it's
done and this is gonna be enough for
about four or five good service will
dish it out wow that room is mine
in Thailand Pattaya is usually served
with fresh vegetables because Thais love
fresh vegetables we'll start with hubli
what's hopefully it's the flower of the
banana plant then we'll add some bean
sprouts we'll put them over here to the
side next we'll add some Thai herbs with
some green onions
Hawkeye yeah I'd be ignoring it and if
you like that lemony flavor you can
squeeze some limes over in America we
don't have all these vegetables so we'll
just use green lettuce leaves instead
you can use lettuce you can use any kind
of vegetables use your imagination any
coyopa mischievous that's right any kind
of fresh vegetables you want to use just
go ahead and give it a try mmm koonta
can do it I have to try this go ahead
Lee I'll try some good no I think things
happen
you're welcome thanks so much for
joining us on Thai food tonight
kokin keV want to learn how to cook the
Thai dishes that you've seen on today's
show a mail us at dim at Thai food
tonight calm and tell us the recipe that
you'd like
we'll also be happy to try and answer
any of your Thai cooking questions
[Music]